The first thing that I asked you is whether you
udacicola votes is a local variable or a global variable.
And you should have determined that it was a local variable.
Well, to figure this out,
you go to where the variable is declared, which is here.
And you know it's declared because the datatype is right here.
And you see, is it declared inside of a method,
meaning between the two curly braces here,
or is it declared outside of the method?
Now, if it's declared inside of a method,
that means that it's a local variable,
and we can see very clearly that it is in fact declared
inside of a method. So it's a local variable.
Well, what does that mean?
We should also be asking ourselves,
if I declared something as a local variable,
should I have, let's think about in this case.
Here's our phone, and we've been talking about you udacicola,
so let's only focus on when we click through the udacicola button.
When we click this button, this method starts.
It sets udacicola votes to zero,
and then it adds one to udacicola votes, which is zero.
So, udacicola votes becomes one.
Now because udacicola votes is a local variable,
at the end of this method,
it actually sort of dies or gets deleted.
The fact that udacicola votes is trashed and
gone at the end of this method because it's a local variable,
causes a couple problems.
So why is this a problem?
Well, you would think that if three different people
voted for udacicola by clicking on the button,
that udacicola votes should be three.
Well, what actually happens,
is the first time you click on the button,
udacicola votes becomes zero,
it gets one added to it becoming one,
and then it gets trashed, it doesn't exist anymore.
The second time that somebody clicks on udacicola votes, well,
udacicola votes is made all over again. It's declared again.
Because remember, the first time it had essentially gotten trashed.
So, it needs to be re-made.
And when it's re-made, it's set to zero.
Now we add one again to it,
but remember the value is zero.
So udacicola votes is still one,
even though the button's been clicked twice.
And the same thing happens when it's clicked the third time.
It still is one and it's actually trashed again at the end of this method.
So that's the first problem.
It's not really saving the state between button clicks,
about how many people have voted for udacicola.
But the other problem is down here.
This code's actually going to throw an error.
And the reasoning for that is because remember,
I said that udacicola votes sort of comes into existence or it's scope begins right here.
And then, at the end of this vote udacicola method, it's trashed.
It's out of existence.
Which means when I come down here,
udacicola votes doesn't really exist.
More technically, we say that this variable is out of scope.
It's scope was here,
It got declared here,
and it ended here.
But we're trying to use it down here, and it can't be used.
Having udacicola votes be a local was not the correct decision in this case.
And I can summarize why with these two points.
It's not saving the vote about between button clicks,
and it's not a scope for the Show Me votes method.
So, this will actually cause errors.
So, this will actually not compile.
Okay. So let's look at the other variable in this program.